GeoIP.x86_64                                                                                          1.5.0-14.el7                                                                                     @base    
GeoIP-data.noarch                                                                                     1.5.0-14.el7                                                                                     @base    
GeoIP-devel.x86_64                                                                                    1.5.0-14.el7                                                                                     @base    
NetworkManager.x86_64                                                                                 1:1.18.8-2.el7_9                                                                                 @updates 
NetworkManager-libnm.x86_64                                                                           1:1.18.8-2.el7_9                                                                                 @updates 
NetworkManager-team.x86_64                                                                            1:1.18.8-2.el7_9                                                                                 @updates 
NetworkManager-tui.x86_64                                                                             1:1.18.8-2.el7_9                                                                                 @updates 
acl.x86_64                                                                                            2.2.51-15.el7                                                                                    @anaconda
aic94xx-firmware.noarch                                                                               30-6.el7                                                                                         @anaconda
alsa-firmware.noarch                                                                                  1.0.28-2.el7                                                                                     @anaconda
alsa-lib.x86_64                                                                                       1.1.8-1.el7                                                                                      @anaconda
alsa-tools-firmware.x86_64                                                                            1.1.0-1.el7                                                                                      @anaconda
audit.x86_64                                                                                          2.8.5-4.el7                                                                                      @anaconda
audit-libs.x86_64                                                                                     2.8.5-4.el7                                                                                      @anaconda
audit-libs-python.x86_64                                                                              2.8.5-4.el7                                                                                      @base    
authconfig.x86_64                                                                                     6.2.8-30.el7                                                                                     @anaconda
autoconf.noarch                                                                                       2.69-11.el7                                                                                      @base    
autogen-libopts.x86_64                                                                                5.18-5.el7                                                                                       @base    
automake.noarch                                                                                       1.13.4-3.el7                                                                                     @base    
basesystem.noarch                                                                                     10.0-7.el7.centos                                                                                @anaconda
bash.x86_64                                                                                           4.2.46-35.el7_9                                                                                  @updates 
bash-completion.noarch                                                                                1:2.1-8.el7                                                                                      @base    
bc.x86_64                                                                                             1.06.95-13.el7                                                                                   @anaconda
bind-export-libs.x86_64                                                                               32:9.11.4-26.P2.el7_9.9                                                                          @updates 
binutils.x86_64                                                                                       2.27-44.base.el7_9.1                                                                             @updates 
biosdevname.x86_64                                                                                    0.7.3-2.el7                                                                                      @anaconda
bison.x86_64                                                                                          3.0.4-2.el7                                                                                      @base    
btrfs-progs.x86_64                                                                                    4.9.1-1.el7                                                                                      @anaconda
bzip2.x86_64                                                                                          1.0.6-13.el7                                                                                     @base    
bzip2-libs.x86_64                                                                                     1.0.6-13.el7                                                                                     @anaconda
ca-certificates.noarch                                                                                2021.2.50-72.el7_9                                                                               @updates 
centos-logos.noarch                                                                                   70.0.6-3.el7.centos                                                                              @anaconda
centos-release.x86_64                                                                                 7-9.2009.1.el7.centos                                                                            @updates 
checkpolicy.x86_64                                                                                    2.5-8.el7                                                                                        @base    
chkconfig.x86_64                                                                                      1.7.6-1.el7                                                                                      @anaconda
chrony.x86_64                                                                                         3.4-1.el7                                                                                        @anaconda
cmake.x86_64                                                                                          2.8.12.2-2.el7                                                                                   @base    
coreutils.x86_64                                                                                      8.22-24.el7_9.2                                                                                  @updates 
cpio.x86_64                                                                                           2.11-28.el7                                                                                      @anaconda
cpp.x86_64                                                                                            4.8.5-44.el7                                                                                     @base    
cracklib.x86_64                                                                                       2.9.0-11.el7                                                                                     @anaconda
cracklib-dicts.x86_64                                                                                 2.9.0-11.el7                                                                                     @anaconda
cronie.x86_64                                                                                         1.4.11-24.el7_9                                                                                  @updates 
cronie-anacron.x86_64                                                                                 1.4.11-24.el7_9                                                                                  @updates 
crontabs.noarch                                                                                       1.11-6.20121102git.el7                                                                           @anaconda
cryptsetup-libs.x86_64                                                                                2.0.3-6.el7                                                                                      @anaconda
curl.x86_64                                                                                           7.29.0-59.el7_9.1                                                                                @updates 
cyrus-sasl-lib.x86_64                                                                                 2.1.26-24.el7_9                                                                                  @updates 
dbus.x86_64                                                                                           1:1.10.24-15.el7                                                                                 @anaconda
dbus-glib.x86_64                                                                                      0.100-7.el7                                                                                      @anaconda
dbus-libs.x86_64                                                                                      1:1.10.24-15.el7                                                                                 @anaconda
dbus-python.x86_64                                                                                    1.1.1-9.el7                                                                                      @anaconda
dejavu-fonts-common.noarch                                                                            2.33-6.el7                                                                                       @base    
dejavu-sans-fonts.noarch                                                                              2.33-6.el7                                                                                       @base    
device-mapper.x86_64                                                                                  7:1.02.170-6.el7_9.5                                                                             @updates 
device-mapper-event.x86_64                                                                            7:1.02.170-6.el7_9.5                                                                             @updates 
device-mapper-event-libs.x86_64                                                                       7:1.02.170-6.el7_9.5                                                                             @updates 
device-mapper-libs.x86_64                                                                             7:1.02.170-6.el7_9.5                                                                             @updates 
device-mapper-persistent-data.x86_64                                                                  0.8.5-3.el7_9.2                                                                                  @updates 
dhclient.x86_64                                                                                       12:4.2.5-83.el7.centos.1                                                                         @updates 
dhcp-common.x86_64                                                                                    12:4.2.5-83.el7.centos.1                                                                         @updates 
dhcp-libs.x86_64                                                                                      12:4.2.5-83.el7.centos.1                                                                         @updates 
diffutils.x86_64                                                                                      3.3-5.el7                                                                                        @anaconda
dmidecode.x86_64                                                                                      1:3.2-5.el7_9.1                                                                                  @updates 
doxygen.x86_64                                                                                        1:1.8.5-4.el7                                                                                    @base    
dracut.x86_64                                                                                         033-572.el7                                                                                      @anaconda
dracut-config-rescue.x86_64                                                                           033-572.el7                                                                                      @anaconda
dracut-network.x86_64                                                                                 033-572.el7                                                                                      @anaconda
e2fsprogs.x86_64                                                                                      1.42.9-19.el7                                                                                    @anaconda
e2fsprogs-libs.x86_64                                                                                 1.42.9-19.el7                                                                                    @anaconda
ebtables.x86_64                                                                                       2.0.10-16.el7                                                                                    @anaconda
elfutils-default-yama-scope.noarch                                                                    0.176-5.el7                                                                                      @anaconda
elfutils-libelf.x86_64                                                                                0.176-5.el7                                                                                      @anaconda
elfutils-libs.x86_64                                                                                  0.176-5.el7                                                                                      @anaconda
epel-release.noarch                                                                                   7-14                                                                                             @epel    
ethtool.x86_64                                                                                        2:4.8-10.el7                                                                                     @anaconda
expat.x86_64                                                                                          2.1.0-14.el7_9                                                                                   @updates 
expat-devel.x86_64                                                                                    2.1.0-14.el7_9                                                                                   @updates 
file.x86_64                                                                                           5.11-37.el7                                                                                      @anaconda
file-libs.x86_64                                                                                      5.11-37.el7                                                                                      @anaconda
filesystem.x86_64                                                                                     3.2-25.el7                                                                                       @anaconda
findutils.x86_64                                                                                      1:4.5.11-6.el7                                                                                   @anaconda
fipscheck.x86_64                                                                                      1.4.1-6.el7                                                                                      @anaconda
fipscheck-lib.x86_64                                                                                  1.4.1-6.el7                                                                                      @anaconda
firewalld.noarch                                                                                      0.6.3-13.el7_9                                                                                   @updates 
firewalld-filesystem.noarch                                                                           0.6.3-13.el7_9                                                                                   @updates 
flex.x86_64                                                                                           2.5.37-6.el7                                                                                     @base    
fontconfig.x86_64                                                                                     2.13.0-4.3.el7                                                                                   @base    
fontconfig-devel.x86_64                                                                               2.13.0-4.3.el7                                                                                   @base    
fontpackages-filesystem.noarch                                                                        1.44-8.el7                                                                                       @base    
freetype.x86_64                                                                                       2.8-14.el7_9.1                                                                                   @updates 
freetype-devel.x86_64                                                                                 2.8-14.el7_9.1                                                                                   @updates 
fuse.x86_64                                                                                           2.9.2-11.el7                                                                                     @anaconda
fuse-libs.x86_64                                                                                      2.9.2-11.el7                                                                                     @anaconda
fxload.x86_64                                                                                         2002_04_11-16.el7                                                                                @anaconda
gawk.x86_64                                                                                           4.0.2-4.el7_3.1                                                                                  @anaconda
gcc.x86_64                                                                                            4.8.5-44.el7                                                                                     @base    
gcc-c++.x86_64                                                                                        4.8.5-44.el7                                                                                     @base    
gd.x86_64                                                                                             2.0.35-27.el7_9                                                                                  @updates 
gd-devel.x86_64                                                                                       2.0.35-27.el7_9                                                                                  @updates 
gdbm.x86_64                                                                                           1.10-8.el7                                                                                       @anaconda
gdbm-devel.x86_64                                                                                     1.10-8.el7                                                                                       @base    
geoipupdate.x86_64                                                                                    2.5.0-1.el7                                                                                      @base    
gettext.x86_64                                                                                        0.19.8.1-3.el7                                                                                   @anaconda
gettext-libs.x86_64                                                                                   0.19.8.1-3.el7                                                                                   @anaconda
git.x86_64                                                                                            1.8.3.1-23.el7_8                                                                                 @base    
glib2.x86_64                                                                                          2.56.1-9.el7_9                                                                                   @updates 
glibc.x86_64                                                                                          2.17-325.el7_9                                                                                   @updates 
glibc-common.x86_64                                                                                   2.17-325.el7_9                                                                                   @updates 
glibc-devel.x86_64                                                                                    2.17-325.el7_9                                                                                   @updates 
glibc-headers.x86_64                                                                                  2.17-325.el7_9                                                                                   @updates 
gmp.x86_64                                                                                            1:6.0.0-15.el7                                                                                   @anaconda
gnupg2.x86_64                                                                                         2.0.22-5.el7_5                                                                                   @anaconda
gobject-introspection.x86_64                                                                          1.56.1-1.el7                                                                                     @anaconda
gpgme.x86_64                                                                                          1.3.2-5.el7                                                                                      @anaconda
gpm-libs.x86_64                                                                                       1.20.7-6.el7                                                                                     @base    
grep.x86_64                                                                                           2.20-3.el7                                                                                       @anaconda
groff-base.x86_64                                                                                     1.22.2-8.el7                                                                                     @anaconda
grub2.x86_64                                                                                          1:2.02-0.87.el7.centos.7                                                                         @updates 
grub2-common.noarch                                                                                   1:2.02-0.87.el7.centos.7                                                                         @updates 
grub2-pc.x86_64                                                                                       1:2.02-0.87.el7.centos.7                                                                         @updates 
grub2-pc-modules.noarch                                                                               1:2.02-0.87.el7.centos.7                                                                         @updates 
grub2-tools.x86_64                                                                                    1:2.02-0.87.el7.centos.7                                                                         @updates 
grub2-tools-extra.x86_64                                                                              1:2.02-0.87.el7.centos.7                                                                         @updates 
grub2-tools-minimal.x86_64                                                                            1:2.02-0.87.el7.centos.7                                                                         @updates 
grubby.x86_64                                                                                         8.28-26.el7                                                                                      @anaconda
gzip.x86_64                                                                                           1.5-10.el7                                                                                       @anaconda
hardlink.x86_64                                                                                       1:1.0-19.el7                                                                                     @anaconda
hostname.x86_64                                                                                       3.13-3.el7_7.1                                                                                   @anaconda
hwdata.x86_64                                                                                         0.252-9.7.el7                                                                                    @anaconda
info.x86_64                                                                                           5.1-5.el7                                                                                        @anaconda
initscripts.x86_64                                                                                    9.49.53-1.el7_9.1                                                                                @updates 
iotop.noarch                                                                                          0.6-4.el7                                                                                        @base    
iproute.x86_64                                                                                        4.11.0-30.el7                                                                                    @anaconda
iprutils.x86_64                                                                                       2.4.17.1-3.el7_7                                                                                 @updates 
ipset.x86_64                                                                                          7.1-1.el7                                                                                        @anaconda
ipset-libs.x86_64                                                                                     7.1-1.el7                                                                                        @anaconda
iptables.x86_64                                                                                       1.4.21-35.el7                                                                                    @anaconda
iptables-services.x86_64                                                                              1.4.21-35.el7                                                                                    @base    
iputils.x86_64                                                                                        20160308-10.el7                                                                                  @anaconda
irqbalance.x86_64                                                                                     3:1.0.7-12.el7                                                                                   @anaconda
ivtv-firmware.noarch                                                                                  2:20080701-26.el7                                                                                @anaconda
iwl100-firmware.noarch                                                                                39.31.5.1-80.el7_9                                                                               @updates 
iwl1000-firmware.noarch                                                                               1:39.31.5.1-80.el7_9                                                                             @updates 
iwl105-firmware.noarch                                                                                18.168.6.1-80.el7_9                                                                              @updates 
iwl135-firmware.noarch                                                                                18.168.6.1-80.el7_9                                                                              @updates 
iwl2000-firmware.noarch                                                                               18.168.6.1-80.el7_9                                                                              @updates 
iwl2030-firmware.noarch                                                                               18.168.6.1-80.el7_9                                                                              @updates 
iwl3160-firmware.noarch                                                                               25.30.13.0-80.el7_9                                                                              @updates 
iwl3945-firmware.noarch                                                                               15.32.2.9-80.el7_9                                                                               @updates 
iwl4965-firmware.noarch                                                                               228.61.2.24-80.el7_9                                                                             @updates 
iwl5000-firmware.noarch                                                                               8.83.5.1_1-80.el7_9                                                                              @updates 
iwl5150-firmware.noarch                                                                               8.24.2.2-80.el7_9                                                                                @updates 
iwl6000-firmware.noarch                                                                               9.221.4.1-80.el7_9                                                                               @updates 
iwl6000g2a-firmware.noarch                                                                            18.168.6.1-80.el7_9                                                                              @updates 
iwl6000g2b-firmware.noarch                                                                            18.168.6.1-80.el7_9                                                                              @updates 
iwl6050-firmware.noarch                                                                               41.28.5.1-80.el7_9                                                                               @updates 
iwl7260-firmware.noarch                                                                               25.30.13.0-80.el7_9                                                                              @updates 
jansson.x86_64                                                                                        2.10-1.el7                                                                                       @anaconda
json-c.x86_64                                                                                         0.11-4.el7_0                                                                                     @anaconda
kbd.x86_64                                                                                            1.15.5-16.el7_9                                                                                  @updates 
kbd-legacy.noarch                                                                                     1.15.5-16.el7_9                                                                                  @updates 
kbd-misc.noarch                                                                                       1.15.5-16.el7_9                                                                                  @updates 
kernel.x86_64                                                                                         3.10.0-1160.el7                                                                                  @anaconda
kernel.x86_64                                                                                         3.10.0-1160.62.1.el7                                                                             @updates 
kernel-headers.x86_64                                                                                 3.10.0-1160.62.1.el7                                                                             @updates 
kernel-tools.x86_64                                                                                   3.10.0-1160.62.1.el7                                                                             @updates 
kernel-tools-libs.x86_64                                                                              3.10.0-1160.62.1.el7                                                                             @updates 
kexec-tools.x86_64                                                                                    2.0.15-51.el7_9.3                                                                                @updates 
keyutils-libs.x86_64                                                                                  1.5.8-3.el7                                                                                      @anaconda
keyutils-libs-devel.x86_64                                                                            1.5.8-3.el7                                                                                      @base    
kmod.x86_64                                                                                           20-28.el7                                                                                        @anaconda
kmod-libs.x86_64                                                                                      20-28.el7                                                                                        @anaconda
kpartx.x86_64                                                                                         0.4.9-135.el7_9                                                                                  @updates 
krb5-devel.x86_64                                                                                     1.15.1-51.el7_9                                                                                  @updates 
krb5-libs.x86_64                                                                                      1.15.1-51.el7_9                                                                                  @updates 
less.x86_64                                                                                           458-9.el7                                                                                        @anaconda
libICE.x86_64                                                                                         1.0.9-9.el7                                                                                      @base    
libSM.x86_64                                                                                          1.2.2-2.el7                                                                                      @base    
libX11.x86_64                                                                                         1.6.7-4.el7_9                                                                                    @updates 
libX11-common.noarch                                                                                  1.6.7-4.el7_9                                                                                    @updates 
libX11-devel.x86_64                                                                                   1.6.7-4.el7_9                                                                                    @updates 
libXau.x86_64                                                                                         1.0.8-2.1.el7                                                                                    @base    
libXau-devel.x86_64                                                                                   1.0.8-2.1.el7                                                                                    @base    
libXext.x86_64                                                                                        1.3.3-3.el7                                                                                      @base    
libXpm.x86_64                                                                                         3.5.12-1.el7                                                                                     @base    
libXpm-devel.x86_64                                                                                   3.5.12-1.el7                                                                                     @base    
libXt.x86_64                                                                                          1.1.5-3.el7                                                                                      @base    
libacl.x86_64                                                                                         2.2.51-15.el7                                                                                    @anaconda
libaio.x86_64                                                                                         0.3.109-13.el7                                                                                   @anaconda
libarchive.x86_64                                                                                     3.1.2-14.el7_7                                                                                   @base    
libassuan.x86_64                                                                                      2.1.0-3.el7                                                                                      @anaconda
libattr.x86_64                                                                                        2.4.46-13.el7                                                                                    @anaconda
libblkid.x86_64                                                                                       2.23.2-65.el7_9.1                                                                                @updates 
libcap.x86_64                                                                                         2.22-11.el7                                                                                      @anaconda
libcap-ng.x86_64                                                                                      0.7.5-4.el7                                                                                      @anaconda
libcgroup.x86_64                                                                                      0.41-21.el7                                                                                      @base    
libcom_err.x86_64                                                                                     1.42.9-19.el7                                                                                    @anaconda
libcom_err-devel.x86_64                                                                               1.42.9-19.el7                                                                                    @base    
libcroco.x86_64                                                                                       0.6.12-6.el7_9                                                                                   @updates 
libcurl.x86_64                                                                                        7.29.0-59.el7_9.1                                                                                @updates 
libcurl-devel.x86_64                                                                                  7.29.0-59.el7_9.1                                                                                @updates 
libdaemon.x86_64                                                                                      0.14-7.el7                                                                                       @anaconda
libdb.x86_64                                                                                          5.3.21-25.el7                                                                                    @anaconda
libdb-devel.x86_64                                                                                    5.3.21-25.el7                                                                                    @base    
libdb-utils.x86_64                                                                                    5.3.21-25.el7                                                                                    @anaconda
libdrm.x86_64                                                                                         2.4.97-2.el7                                                                                     @anaconda
libedit.x86_64                                                                                        3.0-12.20121213cvs.el7                                                                           @anaconda
libestr.x86_64                                                                                        0.1.9-2.el7                                                                                      @anaconda
libfastjson.x86_64                                                                                    0.99.4-3.el7                                                                                     @anaconda
libffi.x86_64                                                                                         3.0.13-19.el7                                                                                    @anaconda
libgcc.x86_64                                                                                         4.8.5-44.el7                                                                                     @anaconda
libgcrypt.x86_64                                                                                      1.5.3-14.el7                                                                                     @anaconda
libgcrypt-devel.x86_64                                                                                1.5.3-14.el7                                                                                     @base    
libgo.x86_64                                                                                          4.8.5-44.el7                                                                                     @base    
libgo-devel.x86_64                                                                                    4.8.5-44.el7                                                                                     @base    
libgomp.x86_64                                                                                        4.8.5-44.el7                                                                                     @anaconda
libgpg-error.x86_64                                                                                   1.12-3.el7                                                                                       @anaconda
libgpg-error-devel.x86_64                                                                             1.12-3.el7                                                                                       @base    
libidn.x86_64                                                                                         1.28-4.el7                                                                                       @anaconda
libjpeg-turbo.x86_64                                                                                  1.2.90-8.el7                                                                                     @base    
libjpeg-turbo-devel.x86_64                                                                            1.2.90-8.el7                                                                                     @base    
libkadm5.x86_64                                                                                       1.15.1-51.el7_9                                                                                  @updates 
libmnl.x86_64                                                                                         1.0.3-7.el7                                                                                      @anaconda
libmount.x86_64                                                                                       2.23.2-65.el7_9.1                                                                                @updates 
libmpc.x86_64                                                                                         1.0.1-3.el7                                                                                      @base    
libmspack.x86_64                                                                                      0.5-0.8.alpha.el7                                                                                @anaconda
libndp.x86_64                                                                                         1.2-9.el7                                                                                        @anaconda
libnetfilter_conntrack.x86_64                                                                         1.0.6-1.el7_3                                                                                    @anaconda
libnfnetlink.x86_64                                                                                   1.0.1-4.el7                                                                                      @anaconda
libnl3.x86_64                                                                                         3.2.28-4.el7                                                                                     @anaconda
libnl3-cli.x86_64                                                                                     3.2.28-4.el7                                                                                     @anaconda
libpciaccess.x86_64                                                                                   0.14-1.el7                                                                                       @anaconda
libpipeline.x86_64                                                                                    1.2.3-3.el7                                                                                      @anaconda
libpng.x86_64                                                                                         2:1.5.13-8.el7                                                                                   @anaconda
libpng-devel.x86_64                                                                                   2:1.5.13-8.el7                                                                                   @base    
libpwquality.x86_64                                                                                   1.2.3-5.el7                                                                                      @anaconda
libseccomp.x86_64                                                                                     2.3.1-4.el7                                                                                      @anaconda
libselinux.x86_64                                                                                     2.5-15.el7                                                                                       @anaconda
libselinux-devel.x86_64                                                                               2.5-15.el7                                                                                       @base    
libselinux-python.x86_64                                                                              2.5-15.el7                                                                                       @anaconda
libselinux-utils.x86_64                                                                               2.5-15.el7                                                                                       @anaconda
libsemanage.x86_64                                                                                    2.5-14.el7                                                                                       @anaconda
libsemanage-python.x86_64                                                                             2.5-14.el7                                                                                       @base    
libsepol.x86_64                                                                                       2.5-10.el7                                                                                       @anaconda
libsepol-devel.x86_64                                                                                 2.5-10.el7                                                                                       @base    
libsmartcols.x86_64                                                                                   2.23.2-65.el7_9.1                                                                                @updates 
libss.x86_64                                                                                          1.42.9-19.el7                                                                                    @anaconda
libssh2.x86_64                                                                                        1.8.0-4.el7                                                                                      @anaconda
libstdc++.x86_64                                                                                      4.8.5-44.el7                                                                                     @anaconda
libstdc++-devel.x86_64                                                                                4.8.5-44.el7                                                                                     @base    
libsysfs.x86_64                                                                                       2.1.0-16.el7                                                                                     @anaconda
libtasn1.x86_64                                                                                       4.10-1.el7                                                                                       @anaconda
libteam.x86_64                                                                                        1.29-3.el7                                                                                       @anaconda
libtool.x86_64                                                                                        2.4.2-22.el7_3                                                                                   @base    
libtool-ltdl.x86_64                                                                                   2.4.2-22.el7_3                                                                                   @anaconda
libunistring.x86_64                                                                                   0.9.3-9.el7                                                                                      @anaconda
libuser.x86_64                                                                                        0.60-9.el7                                                                                       @anaconda
libutempter.x86_64                                                                                    1.1.6-4.el7                                                                                      @anaconda
libuuid.x86_64                                                                                        2.23.2-65.el7_9.1                                                                                @updates 
libuuid-devel.x86_64                                                                                  2.23.2-65.el7_9.1                                                                                @updates 
libverto.x86_64                                                                                       0.2.5-4.el7                                                                                      @anaconda
libverto-devel.x86_64                                                                                 0.2.5-4.el7                                                                                      @base    
libxcb.x86_64                                                                                         1.13-1.el7                                                                                       @base    
libxcb-devel.x86_64                                                                                   1.13-1.el7                                                                                       @base    
libxml2.x86_64                                                                                        2.9.1-6.el7_9.6                                                                                  @updates 
libxml2-devel.x86_64                                                                                  2.9.1-6.el7_9.6                                                                                  @updates 
libxslt.x86_64                                                                                        1.1.28-6.el7                                                                                     @anaconda
libxslt-devel.x86_64                                                                                  1.1.28-6.el7                                                                                     @base    
libzstd.x86_64                                                                                        1.5.2-1.el7                                                                                      @epel    
linux-firmware.noarch                                                                                 20200421-80.git78c0348.el7_9                                                                     @updates 
lm_sensors-libs.x86_64                                                                                3.4.0-8.20160601gitf9185e5.el7                                                                   @base    
logrotate.x86_64                                                                                      3.8.6-19.el7                                                                                     @anaconda
lrzsz.x86_64                                                                                          0.12.20-36.el7                                                                                   @base    
lshw.x86_64                                                                                           B.02.18-17.el7                                                                                   @anaconda
lsof.x86_64                                                                                           4.87-6.el7                                                                                       @base    
lsscsi.x86_64                                                                                         0.27-6.el7                                                                                       @anaconda
lua.x86_64                                                                                            5.1.4-15.el7                                                                                     @anaconda
lvm2.x86_64                                                                                           7:2.02.187-6.el7_9.5                                                                             @updates 
lvm2-libs.x86_64                                                                                      7:2.02.187-6.el7_9.5                                                                             @updates 
lz4.x86_64                                                                                            1.8.3-1.el7                                                                                      @anaconda
lzo.x86_64                                                                                            2.06-8.el7                                                                                       @anaconda
m4.x86_64                                                                                             1.4.16-10.el7                                                                                    @base    
make.x86_64                                                                                           1:3.82-24.el7                                                                                    @anaconda
man-db.x86_64                                                                                         2.6.3-11.el7                                                                                     @anaconda
mariadb-libs.x86_64                                                                                   1:5.5.68-1.el7                                                                                   @anaconda
microcode_ctl.x86_64                                                                                  2:2.1-73.13.el7_9                                                                                @updates 
mozjs17.x86_64                                                                                        17.0.0-20.el7                                                                                    @anaconda
mpfr.x86_64                                                                                           3.1.1-4.el7                                                                                      @base    
ncurses.x86_64                                                                                        5.9-14.20130511.el7_4                                                                            @anaconda
ncurses-base.noarch                                                                                   5.9-14.20130511.el7_4                                                                            @anaconda
ncurses-devel.x86_64                                                                                  5.9-14.20130511.el7_4                                                                            @base    
ncurses-libs.x86_64                                                                                   5.9-14.20130511.el7_4                                                                            @anaconda
net-tools.x86_64                                                                                      2.0-0.25.20131004git.el7                                                                         @base    
newt.x86_64                                                                                           0.52.15-4.el7                                                                                    @anaconda
newt-python.x86_64                                                                                    0.52.15-4.el7                                                                                    @anaconda
nspr.x86_64                                                                                           4.32.0-1.el7_9                                                                                   @updates 
nss.x86_64                                                                                            3.67.0-4.el7_9                                                                                   @updates 
nss-pem.x86_64                                                                                        1.0.3-7.el7                                                                                      @anaconda
nss-softokn.x86_64                                                                                    3.67.0-3.el7_9                                                                                   @updates 
nss-softokn-freebl.x86_64                                                                             3.67.0-3.el7_9                                                                                   @updates 
nss-sysinit.x86_64                                                                                    3.67.0-4.el7_9                                                                                   @updates 
nss-tools.x86_64                                                                                      3.67.0-4.el7_9                                                                                   @updates 
nss-util.x86_64                                                                                       3.67.0-1.el7_9                                                                                   @updates 
ntp.x86_64                                                                                            4.2.6p5-29.el7.centos.2                                                                          @base    
ntpdate.x86_64                                                                                        4.2.6p5-29.el7.centos.2                                                                          @base    
numactl-libs.x86_64                                                                                   2.0.12-5.el7                                                                                     @anaconda
open-vm-tools.x86_64                                                                                  11.0.5-3.el7_9.3                                                                                 @updates 
openldap.x86_64                                                                                       2.4.44-25.el7_9                                                                                  @updates 
openssh.x86_64                                                                                        7.4p1-22.el7_9                                                                                   @updates 
openssh-clients.x86_64                                                                                7.4p1-22.el7_9                                                                                   @updates 
openssh-server.x86_64                                                                                 7.4p1-22.el7_9                                                                                   @updates 
openssl.x86_64                                                                                        1:1.0.2k-25.el7_9                                                                                @updates 
openssl-devel.x86_64                                                                                  1:1.0.2k-25.el7_9                                                                                @updates 
openssl-libs.x86_64                                                                                   1:1.0.2k-25.el7_9                                                                                @updates 
os-prober.x86_64                                                                                      1.58-9.el7                                                                                       @anaconda
p11-kit.x86_64                                                                                        0.23.5-3.el7                                                                                     @anaconda
p11-kit-trust.x86_64                                                                                  0.23.5-3.el7                                                                                     @anaconda
pam.x86_64                                                                                            1.1.8-23.el7                                                                                     @anaconda
parted.x86_64                                                                                         3.1-32.el7                                                                                       @anaconda
passwd.x86_64                                                                                         0.79-6.el7                                                                                       @anaconda
patch.x86_64                                                                                          2.7.1-12.el7_7                                                                                   @base    
pciutils.x86_64                                                                                       3.5.1-3.el7                                                                                      @anaconda
pciutils-libs.x86_64                                                                                  3.5.1-3.el7                                                                                      @anaconda
pcre.x86_64                                                                                           8.32-17.el7                                                                                      @anaconda
pcre-devel.x86_64                                                                                     8.32-17.el7                                                                                      @base    
perl.x86_64                                                                                           4:5.16.3-299.el7_9                                                                               @updates 
perl-Carp.noarch                                                                                      1.26-244.el7                                                                                     @base    
perl-Data-Dumper.x86_64                                                                               2.145-3.el7                                                                                      @base    
perl-Digest.noarch                                                                                    1.17-245.el7                                                                                     @base    
perl-Digest-MD5.x86_64                                                                                2.52-3.el7                                                                                       @base    
perl-Encode.x86_64                                                                                    2.51-7.el7                                                                                       @base    
perl-Error.noarch                                                                                     1:0.17020-2.el7                                                                                  @base    
perl-Exporter.noarch                                                                                  5.68-3.el7                                                                                       @base    
perl-ExtUtils-Embed.noarch                                                                            1.30-299.el7_9                                                                                   @updates 
perl-ExtUtils-Install.noarch                                                                          1.58-299.el7_9                                                                                   @updates 
perl-ExtUtils-MakeMaker.noarch                                                                        6.68-3.el7                                                                                       @base    
perl-ExtUtils-Manifest.noarch                                                                         1.61-244.el7                                                                                     @base    
perl-ExtUtils-ParseXS.noarch                                                                          1:3.18-3.el7                                                                                     @base    
perl-File-Path.noarch                                                                                 2.09-2.el7                                                                                       @base    
perl-File-Temp.noarch                                                                                 0.23.01-3.el7                                                                                    @base    
perl-Filter.x86_64                                                                                    1.49-3.el7                                                                                       @base    
perl-Getopt-Long.noarch                                                                               2.40-3.el7                                                                                       @base    
perl-Git.noarch                                                                                       1.8.3.1-23.el7_8                                                                                 @base    
perl-HTTP-Tiny.noarch                                                                                 0.033-3.el7                                                                                      @base    
perl-PathTools.x86_64                                                                                 3.40-5.el7                                                                                       @base    
perl-Pod-Escapes.noarch                                                                               1:1.04-299.el7_9                                                                                 @updates 
perl-Pod-Perldoc.noarch                                                                               3.20-4.el7                                                                                       @base    
perl-Pod-Simple.noarch                                                                                1:3.28-4.el7                                                                                     @base    
perl-Pod-Usage.noarch                                                                                 1.63-3.el7                                                                                       @base    
perl-Scalar-List-Utils.x86_64                                                                         1.27-248.el7                                                                                     @base    
perl-Socket.x86_64                                                                                    2.010-5.el7                                                                                      @base    
perl-Storable.x86_64                                                                                  2.45-3.el7                                                                                       @base    
perl-TermReadKey.x86_64                                                                               2.30-20.el7                                                                                      @base    
perl-Test-Harness.noarch                                                                              3.28-3.el7                                                                                       @base    
perl-Text-ParseWords.noarch                                                                           3.29-4.el7                                                                                       @base    
perl-Thread-Queue.noarch                                                                              3.02-2.el7                                                                                       @base    
perl-Time-HiRes.x86_64                                                                                4:1.9725-3.el7                                                                                   @base    
perl-Time-Local.noarch                                                                                1.2300-2.el7                                                                                     @base    
perl-constant.noarch                                                                                  1.27-2.el7                                                                                       @base    
perl-devel.x86_64                                                                                     4:5.16.3-299.el7_9                                                                               @updates 
perl-libs.x86_64                                                                                      4:5.16.3-299.el7_9                                                                               @updates 
perl-macros.x86_64                                                                                    4:5.16.3-299.el7_9                                                                               @updates 
perl-parent.noarch                                                                                    1:0.225-244.el7                                                                                  @base    
perl-podlators.noarch                                                                                 2.5.1-3.el7                                                                                      @base    
perl-threads.x86_64                                                                                   1.87-4.el7                                                                                       @base    
perl-threads-shared.x86_64                                                                            1.43-6.el7                                                                                       @base    
pinentry.x86_64                                                                                       0.8.1-17.el7                                                                                     @anaconda
pkgconfig.x86_64                                                                                      1:0.27.1-4.el7                                                                                   @anaconda
plymouth.x86_64                                                                                       0.8.9-0.34.20140113.el7.centos                                                                   @anaconda
plymouth-core-libs.x86_64                                                                             0.8.9-0.34.20140113.el7.centos                                                                   @anaconda
plymouth-scripts.x86_64                                                                               0.8.9-0.34.20140113.el7.centos                                                                   @anaconda
policycoreutils.x86_64                                                                                2.5-34.el7                                                                                       @anaconda
policycoreutils-python.x86_64                                                                         2.5-34.el7                                                                                       @base    
polkit.x86_64                                                                                         0.112-26.el7_9.1                                                                                 @updates 
polkit-pkla-compat.x86_64                                                                             0.1-4.el7                                                                                        @anaconda
popt.x86_64                                                                                           1.13-16.el7                                                                                      @anaconda
postfix.x86_64                                                                                        2:2.10.1-9.el7                                                                                   @anaconda
procps-ng.x86_64                                                                                      3.3.10-28.el7                                                                                    @anaconda
pth.x86_64                                                                                            2.0.7-23.el7                                                                                     @anaconda
pygpgme.x86_64                                                                                        0.3-9.el7                                                                                        @anaconda
pyliblzma.x86_64                                                                                      0.5.3-11.el7                                                                                     @anaconda
pyparsing.noarch                                                                                      1.5.6-9.el7                                                                                      @base    
python.x86_64                                                                                         2.7.5-90.el7                                                                                     @updates 
python-IPy.noarch                                                                                     0.75-6.el7                                                                                       @base    
python-configobj.noarch                                                                               4.7.2-7.el7                                                                                      @anaconda
python-decorator.noarch                                                                               3.4.0-3.el7                                                                                      @anaconda
python-firewall.noarch                                                                                0.6.3-13.el7_9                                                                                   @updates 
python-gobject-base.x86_64                                                                            3.22.0-1.el7_4.1                                                                                 @anaconda
python-iniparse.noarch                                                                                0.4-9.el7                                                                                        @anaconda
python-libs.x86_64                                                                                    2.7.5-90.el7                                                                                     @updates 
python-linux-procfs.noarch                                                                            0.4.11-4.el7                                                                                     @anaconda
python-perf.x86_64                                                                                    3.10.0-1160.62.1.el7                                                                             @updates 
python-pycurl.x86_64                                                                                  7.19.0-19.el7                                                                                    @anaconda
python-pyudev.noarch                                                                                  0.15-9.el7                                                                                       @anaconda
python-schedutils.x86_64                                                                              0.4-6.el7                                                                                        @anaconda
python-slip.noarch                                                                                    0.4.0-4.el7                                                                                      @anaconda
python-slip-dbus.noarch                                                                               0.4.0-4.el7                                                                                      @anaconda
python-urlgrabber.noarch                                                                              3.10-10.el7                                                                                      @anaconda
pyxattr.x86_64                                                                                        0.5.1-5.el7                                                                                      @anaconda
qrencode-libs.x86_64                                                                                  3.4.1-3.el7                                                                                      @anaconda
readline.x86_64                                                                                       6.2-11.el7                                                                                       @anaconda
readline-devel.x86_64                                                                                 6.2-11.el7                                                                                       @base    
rootfiles.noarch                                                                                      8.1-11.el7                                                                                       @anaconda
rpm.x86_64                                                                                            4.11.3-48.el7_9                                                                                  @updates 
rpm-build-libs.x86_64                                                                                 4.11.3-48.el7_9                                                                                  @updates 
rpm-libs.x86_64                                                                                       4.11.3-48.el7_9                                                                                  @updates 
rpm-python.x86_64                                                                                     4.11.3-48.el7_9                                                                                  @updates 
rsync.x86_64                                                                                          3.1.2-10.el7                                                                                     @base    
rsyslog.x86_64                                                                                        8.24.0-57.el7_9.2                                                                                @updates 
sed.x86_64                                                                                            4.2.2-7.el7                                                                                      @anaconda
selinux-policy.noarch                                                                                 3.13.1-268.el7_9.2                                                                               @updates 
selinux-policy-targeted.noarch                                                                        3.13.1-268.el7_9.2                                                                               @updates 
setools-libs.x86_64                                                                                   3.3.8-4.el7                                                                                      @base    
setup.noarch                                                                                          2.8.71-11.el7                                                                                    @anaconda
sg3_utils.x86_64                                                                                      1:1.37-19.el7                                                                                    @anaconda
sg3_utils-libs.x86_64                                                                                 1:1.37-19.el7                                                                                    @anaconda
shadow-utils.x86_64                                                                                   2:4.6-5.el7                                                                                      @anaconda
shared-mime-info.x86_64                                                                               1.8-5.el7                                                                                        @anaconda
slang.x86_64                                                                                          2.2.4-11.el7                                                                                     @anaconda
snap-confine.x86_64                                                                                   2.55.3-1.el7                                                                                     @epel    
snapd.x86_64                                                                                          2.55.3-1.el7                                                                                     @epel    
snapd-selinux.noarch                                                                                  2.55.3-1.el7                                                                                     @epel    
snappy.x86_64                                                                                         1.1.0-3.el7                                                                                      @anaconda
sqlite.x86_64                                                                                         3.7.17-8.el7_7.1                                                                                 @anaconda
squashfs-tools.x86_64                                                                                 4.3-0.21.gitaae0aff4.el7                                                                         @base    
squashfuse.x86_64                                                                                     0.1.102-1.el7                                                                                    @epel    
squashfuse-libs.x86_64                                                                                0.1.102-1.el7                                                                                    @epel    
sudo.x86_64                                                                                           1.8.23-10.el7_9.2                                                                                @updates 
sysstat.x86_64                                                                                        10.1.5-19.el7                                                                                    @base    
systemd.x86_64                                                                                        219-78.el7_9.5                                                                                   @updates 
systemd-libs.x86_64                                                                                   219-78.el7_9.5                                                                                   @updates 
systemd-sysv.x86_64                                                                                   219-78.el7_9.5                                                                                   @updates 
systemtap-sdt-devel.x86_64                                                                            4.0-13.el7                                                                                       @base    
sysvinit-tools.x86_64                                                                                 2.88-14.dsf.el7                                                                                  @anaconda
tar.x86_64                                                                                            2:1.26-35.el7                                                                                    @anaconda
tcp_wrappers-libs.x86_64                                                                              7.6-77.el7                                                                                       @anaconda
teamd.x86_64                                                                                          1.29-3.el7                                                                                       @anaconda
telnet.x86_64                                                                                         1:0.17-66.el7                                                                                    @updates 
tuned.noarch                                                                                          2.11.0-11.el7_9                                                                                  @updates 
tzdata.noarch                                                                                         2022a-1.el7                                                                                      @updates 
unzip.x86_64                                                                                          6.0-24.el7_9                                                                                     @updates 
ustr.x86_64                                                                                           1.0.4-16.el7                                                                                     @anaconda
util-linux.x86_64                                                                                     2.23.2-65.el7_9.1                                                                                @updates 
vim-common.x86_64                                                                                     2:7.4.629-8.el7_9                                                                                @updates 
vim-enhanced.x86_64                                                                                   2:7.4.629-8.el7_9                                                                                @updates 
vim-filesystem.x86_64                                                                                 2:7.4.629-8.el7_9                                                                                @updates 
vim-minimal.x86_64                                                                                    2:7.4.629-8.el7_9                                                                                @updates 
virt-what.x86_64                                                                                      1.18-4.el7_9.1                                                                                   @updates 
wget.x86_64                                                                                           1.14-18.el7_6.1                                                                                  @base    
which.x86_64                                                                                          2.20-7.el7                                                                                       @anaconda
wpa_supplicant.x86_64                                                                                 1:2.6-12.el7_9.2                                                                                 @updates 
xfsprogs.x86_64                                                                                       4.5.0-22.el7                                                                                     @anaconda
xmlsec1.x86_64                                                                                        1.2.20-7.el7_4                                                                                   @anaconda
xmlsec1-openssl.x86_64                                                                                1.2.20-7.el7_4                                                                                   @anaconda
xorg-x11-proto-devel.noarch                                                                           2018.4-1.el7                                                                                     @base    
xz.x86_64                                                                                             5.2.2-1.el7                                                                                      @anaconda
xz-devel.x86_64                                                                                       5.2.2-1.el7                                                                                      @base    
xz-libs.x86_64                                                                                        5.2.2-1.el7                                                                                      @anaconda
yajl.x86_64                                                                                           2.0.4-4.el7                                                                                      @base    
yajl-devel.x86_64                                                                                     2.0.4-4.el7                                                                                      @base    
yum.noarch                                                                                            3.4.3-168.el7.centos                                                                             @anaconda
yum-metadata-parser.x86_64                                                                            1.1.4-10.el7                                                                                     @anaconda
yum-plugin-fastestmirror.noarch                                                                       1.1.31-54.el7_8                                                                                  @anaconda
zip.x86_64                                                                                            3.0-11.el7                                                                                       @base    
zlib.x86_64                                                                                           1.2.7-19.el7_9                                                                                   @updates 
zlib-devel.x86_64                                                                                     1.2.7-19.el7_9              